Add `idGenerator` option to `createAsyncThunk` (#743) (#976)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/api/createAsyncThunk.mdx

- `condition`: a callback that can be used to skip execution of the payload creator and all action dispatches, if desired. See [Canceling Before Execution](#canceling-before-execution) for a complete description.
- `dispatchConditionRejection`: if `condition()` returns `false`, the default behavior is that no actions will be dispatched at all. If you still want a "rejected" action to be dispatched when the thunk was canceled, set this flag to `true`.

> - `idGenerator`: a function to use when generating the `requestId` for the request sequence. Defaults to use [nanoid](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nanoid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `idGenerator`: a function to use when generating the `requestId` for the request sequence. Defaults to use [nanoid](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/api/other-exports#nanoid).
```

We don't use all of nanoid, so we should just link back specifically to what we inline and re-export

Reviewer 2: Yeah, but the link should go to the sibling Markdown file instead of the website directly :)

Reviewer: i'm fired :joy:

Author: Now addressed

> - `idGenerator`: a function to use when generating the `requestId` for the request sequence. Defaults to use [nanoid](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nanoid).

Reviewer 2: :hand: Let's point this to `./otherExports.mdx#nanoid` instead, and maybe also tweak the wording of the `nanoid` paragraph to say it's the "default" instead of "automatically used"

Author: Both points now addressed

Author: I realised I made a sentence for the `nanoid` description incorrect when I adjusted it, but tweaked it to make sense again this time.
